[Music]
so see my guess I got a little anxiety
here cuz definitely big animals we don't
want one to stick a tusk into our head
or something like that
it's an ordeal to get it going because
it's a big giant piece of equipment I
think it's 4:00 in the morning so
hopefully we can get that in the water
and get some shots because we have like
the perfect conditions right now and
that's why we're going to stay up until
we get some good stuff
[Music]
we just had our first successful shoot
with the megadome and it was great I
mean it was that classic shot of an
iceberg where 6/7 of the Berg is
underwater and then on top was two
walrus sitting on top so it's really
great feel like this is the perfect
application for it because you know out
here the ice is so much of it to
underwater and we just get to see the
whole bird you know it's very cool
you